
I think this is a good path forward. I will continue on these v2 boards to complete them. 
While I am completing these, you can make a fully finished v3. 
I think you will be able to produce much higher quality than I can here. 
Please build 2, v3 sensor arrays. Please send me a list of the costs before placing 
the orders for all the parts, so I can give approval. 
I will reimburse you immediately and give you an extra $100 for your time ordering all of the parts.

Okay got it.

John Ottolenghi
4:49 AM
I started this project a little over a year ago and it feels like we are just starting over now. 
You and I can do this, I don't think we need anyone else. Let's discuss every step, decide on a 
reasonable price, and I am glad to pay you for your time and expertise. You have been very generous with me. 
If you stick with me and show dedication to finishing this project, I will remember it. 
If Sniffi ever makes money and becomes valuable, you will share in the upside. If you really help me finish, 
this project could change both of our lives. Thank you for your help.

Okay I will finish it up with full dedication.

John Ottolenghi
5:20 AM
Is this true? This is what Ai is telling me "You don't need the LM2596 for 3.3V.
Your Arduino Mega already has a built-in 3.3V regulator onboard. It automatically takes 5V 
and produces 3.3V for the CCS811 and TXS0108E. It's already doing this job right now on your current design."

You need to understand why we need LM2596. Every MQ sensors has a heating element like a low ohm resistor, that 
will draw a good amount of power.  

John Ottolenghi
5:41 AM
I just realized CJMCU-811 has it's own voltage regulator built in so that means we can remove TXS0108E 
and LM2596 from v3. This is great. We are finding many parts to remove. v3 should be getting much smaller. 
Now everything runs on 5v so we don't have any conversion

John Ottolenghi
5:49 AM
We need to make sure that the v3 pcb is powered by USB (not usb-c) Unless we change battery banks. 
This battery bank only has one usb-c with 3a. My plan is ot use that to power the Pi. Pi will power 
the screen and the arduino. Then a separate usb with 2.1a will power the PCB.

John Ottolenghi
6:05 AM
I look forward to your answers. It seems the only part I am missing that will remain in the design is ZE-08. 
So once you and I decide how I power this v2, I should be able to start receiving signals and coding. 
As long as there are no short circuits.